Add tm1637 binarysensor documentation to existing display docs (#1653)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/display/tm1637.rst

.. _display-tm1637_lambda:

> Keyboard scan (8x2bit) Binary-Sensor
> ------------------------------------
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Binary Sensor
-------------

```

The TM1637 LED display controller also includes a special circuit with keyboard scan interface and enhanced identification circuit with anti-interference keys.
This circuit uses the 8 segment lines that also drive the LED display. But combined with the K1 and K2 pins we can add 16 keys that can be used as binary sensors in esphome.

.. figure:: images/tm1637_key_connections.png
    :align: center
    :width: 50.0%

    TM1637 display keyboard connections

.. code-block:: yaml

    binary_sensor:
      - platform: tm1637
        id: key0
        name: key1-00
        tm1637_id: tm1637_display
        key: 0

Configuration variables:
************************

- **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Set the ID of this sensor.
- **name** (*Optional*, string): The name for the binary sensor.

> - **tm1637_id** (**Required**, ::ref:`config-id`): The id of the tm1637 that should be used to scan the keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **tm1637_id** (*Optional*, ::ref:`config-id`): The id of the tm1637 that should be used to scan the keys in case you are using multiple devices.
```
